tests/readme.md, before:

| Number | Order DTO Checklist                                                                                          | Status |
| :----: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :----: |
|   1    | GET request. Retrieve order data with the provided valid ID should receive code 200                          |  PASS  |
|   2    | GET request. The order with the provided incorrect ID should receive code 400                                |  PASS  |
|   3    | POST request. Create an order with provided correct data should receive code 200                             |  PASS  |
|   4    | POST request. Create an order with provided incorrect data should receive code 400                           |  PASS  |
|   5    | PUT request. Update an order by providing correct data should receive code 200                               |  PASS  |
|   6    | PUT request. Update an order by providing correct data but for the unauthorized user should receive code 401 |  PASS  |
|   7    | PUT request. Update an order with incorrect ID but the for the authorized user should receive code 400       |  PASS  |
|   8    | DELETE request. Delete an order by providing correct data should receive code 204                            |  PASS  |
|   9    | DELETE request. Delete order by providing an invalid order ID should receive code 400                        |  PASS  |
|   10   | GET request. Login with a valid username and password should receive code 200 and API key                    |  PASS  |
|   11   | GET request. Login with missing username and password data should receive code 500                           |  PASS  |

| Number | Loan Application Checklist                                                                                            | Status |
| :----: | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----: |
|   1    | POST request. Calculate LOW RISK score with valid random data should return code 200                                  |  PASS  |
|   2    | POST request. Calculate MEDIUM RISK score with valid random data should return code 200                               |  PASS  |
|   3    | POST request. Calculate HIGH RISK score with valid random data should return code 200                                 |  PASS  |
|   4    | POST request. A negative scenario where incomes that do not meet the requirements are below 1, should return 400      |  PASS  |
|   5    | POST request. A negative scenario where a large loan with a huge debt, is not comparable to income, should return 400 |  PASS  |
|   6    | POST request. A negative scenario where debt with negative value, should return code 400                              |  PASS  |

Commit message:

HW. Positive test to check if response contains JWT, and negative test to check the response in case incorrect HTTP method is indicated

tests/readme.md, after:

| Number | Order DTO Checklist                                                                               | Status |
| :----: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----: |
|   1    | GET request. Retrieve order data with the provided valid ID should receive code 200               |  PASS  |
|   2    | GET request. The order with the provided incorrect ID should receive code 400                     |  PASS  |
|   3    | POST request. Create an order with provided correct data should receive code 200                  |  PASS  |
|   4    | POST request. Create an order with provided incorrect data should receive code 400                |  PASS  |
|   5    | PUT request. Update an order by providing correct data should receive code 200                    |  PASS  |
|   6    | PUT request. Update an order by providing correct data but for the unauthorized user receives 401 |  PASS  |
|   7    | PUT request. Update an order with incorrect ID but the for the authorized user receives 400       |  PASS  |
|   8    | DELETE request. Delete an order by providing correct data should receive code 204                 |  PASS  |
|   9    | DELETE request. Delete order by providing an invalid order ID should receive code 400             |  PASS  |
|   10   | GET request. Login with a valid username and password should receive code 200 and API key         |  PASS  |
|   11   | GET request. Login with missing username and password data should receive code 500                |  PASS  |

| Number | Loan Application Checklist                                                                                            | Status |
| :----: | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----: |
|   1    | POST request. Calculate LOW RISK score with valid random data should return code 200                                  |  PASS  |
|   2    | POST request. Calculate MEDIUM RISK score with valid random data should return code 200                               |  PASS  |
|   3    | POST request. Calculate HIGH RISK score with valid random data should return code 200                                 |  PASS  |
|   4    | POST request. A negative scenario where incomes that do not meet the requirements are below 1, should return 400      |  PASS  |
|   5    | POST request. A negative scenario where a large loan with a huge debt, is not comparable to income, should return 400 |  PASS  |
|   6    | POST request. A negative scenario where debt with negative value, should return code 400                              |  PASS  |

| Number | Login Checklist                                                                                 | Status |
| :----: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----: |
|   1    | POST request. Incorrect username and password returns code 401                                  |  PASS  |
|   2    | POST request. Successful authorization flow with correct username and password returns code 200 |  PASS  |
|   3    | POST request. Successful authorization returns code 200 and valid JWT                           |  PASS  |
|   4    | GET request. Unsuccessful authorization with incorrect HTTP GET method returns code 405         |  PASS  |
